How is that possible?
It's impossible. It must be a mistake.
Yeah, even buckwheat is just a down-and-out daughter
He's just Buckwheat's sidekick
How could it be a distinguished guest?
Sorry, that's what our boss explained.
That's impossible.
Are you mistaken?
No mistake.
Our boss said
The guest is him
He is expensive
Why did you keep him quiet?
Are you feeling guilty?
That must be it.
I said why are you suddenly pretending?
It turned out that he had impersonated someone else's identity.
Fake identity
Or is Miss Jiang more pure gold?
What do you mean?
Idiom, don't listen to his nonsense
He just wants to provoke our relationship
Let's talk about what's in front of us
Are you the guest here?
Or are you lying?
Yeah, that's for sure.
Yu Rao asked him to kneel down and apologize to you
Let him bark like a dog
Let him learn how to crawl
The golden secret is me
You tell them.
Who is this dress for?
You go answer the phone
See if it's your boss.
Okay, okay.
This is indeed our boss.
That's impossible.
But it's just Buckwheat's sidekick
How could you possibly know such a powerful figure?